When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    When more people are working on a single project who are remotely located then this will be better to access the changes in repository from one place.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Pulling changes manually simply gives better control over git repository on local machine. Since if there are multiple persons then they can create a file on github for other's reference. So others may or may not download these.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    forks is used to make copy of someone's repository on Github only.
	clone is used to clone repository either from remote or local repository.
	branches are used to create separate version of project on which developer can work independently without affecting master branch and not showing its changes.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    If we are going off-line for a certain amount of time then we can take a copy of last known history from remote repository so that we can make desired changes into it even when we are off-line and can commit or push those changes later when we come online.
	
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    We might have used a social media applications like whatsapp or hangouts to communicate or share the work and reviews but it would be difficult since we would have required to send files each time. So it will be good to use git or github since we can conneting and managing our repositories for work simultaneously along with interactions and reviews. It is simple and effective. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
